 Dimensity 7200 5g processor based on the latest 4nm energy-efficient process   3D Curved Super-vision Display with 17.22 cm (6.78 inches) screen size, 93.3% Screen-to-body ratio, 120 Hz AMOLED FHD+, 1.07 Billion Colors, 1300 nits Peak Local Brightness   Slimmest phone with 0.736 cm (7.36mm) thickness, Premium AG Matte Glass finish   64 MP AURA Light OIS Camera, 4K video recording, Hybrid Image Stabilization, Super Night Mode, Aura Light Portrait, Camera Panning Portrait   66W FlashCharge with 4600mAh large battery | 8GB RAM + 8GB Extended RAM  ["After using the device for exactly 7 days here's  what I found -", "Starting first with the design and build quality, the device is quite the looker. It's very thin and lightweight and the curved edges make it very comfortable to hold on for longer periods.", 'Also the glass sandwich built feels premium.', 'Next coming to display, the 120 hz curved amoled panel is in one word, splendid. It offers an immersive viewing experience with buttery smooth output. It also supports up to 1300 nits of peak brightness which helps viewing in direct sunlight.', "Now, when you buy a IQOO device you don't have to worry about the performance. It shares the typical IQOO dna and is powered by MediaTek dimensity 7200. The processor is very capable in running daily tasks and graphic intensive games. I am not much of a hardcore gamer but so far what I have tested I'm impressed. Games like BGMI, COD, Genshin Impact runs smoothly in this device with good graphic settings. IQOO also has done a job in cooling the processor, it barely gets hot while gaming.", 'Next coming to camera, it has a 64 megapixel rear sensor which offers very good photos in daylight as well as night time. And the 16 megapixel front sensor is good too. The rear sensor can do 4k 30fps video recording and the front is locked at 1080p 30fps. Now, I am not that much of a camera guy, watching a camera review of this device will surely give you a better idea.', 'After that I would like to share my thoughts on the battery and charging department. I was a little concerned about the 4600mah battery capacity and the 120hz display combo but surprisingly the battery holds up pretty well. I get easily a whole day of usage with 6-7 hours of screen on time which also includes gaming. The 66w charging adaptor charges the device from 0 to 100 in about 55 minutes which I believe is pretty good.', "Coming to network and connectivity, I haven't really got the opportunity to test the 5G connectivity as my local area does no not have 5G network. But 4G plus career aggregation is very constant and it offers good uploading and downloading speeds.", 'The last thing to talk is about software. The device comes with the latest Funtouch OS 13 based on Android 13 and IQOO has promised 2 years of OS and 3 years of security patches which is decent.', "Personally I don't like the Funtouch OS much. I am coming from OneUI and compared to that this OS feels a little bit less lively. The animations are fluid and it also has all the necessary features but it needs more polishing. Do note I haven't faced any bugs in the software but there are a few advertisements which you can turn off and then it becomes a  very clean experience. The software experience completely varies from user to user so you might not be bothered by it at well. I just hope the brand polishes their UI more.", "Coming to compromises, it only has three which in my case is not much of an issue. It has an avarage vibration motor which doesn't offer flagship like experience. This device comes with a mono speaker which is decent. I'm coming from a device with a single speaker so it doesn't bother me as such. Also instead of the 2mp macro sensor a telephoto or ultrawide angle lens would have been highly appreciated.", "In conclusion, it can be said that it is a very good overall package if you can get it at 22k with the card offers. But for 24k it could've been better. It misses a few corners which would have made it perfect under 25k. I hope this review helps you to take a better purchasing decision.", 'Read more']